>> Kyle Simpson: So armed with our
knowledge of the this keyword,
we're gonna look at the prototype system,
because they really do go hand in hand.
It's almost like you can't
understand prototypes
without understanding the this keyword.
And vice versa,
you can't understand the this keyword
without understanding prototypes.
Or at least you can't understand
why the this keyword is so
powerful without understanding prototypes.
All right, so here's an example
of what we call prototypal or
prototypal classes code.
This is a little less common these days
because normally you now are gonna see
people using the class keyword
that was recently added.
And we'll look at the class
keyword in just a moment.
But I wanna show you under the covers
what the class keyword is actually doing.
If I wanted to make a thing that
was like a class called workshop,
that I could instantiate several times,
I could define a function called workshop,
and notice that it's this aware.
There you see the this keywords,
right front and center.
These are very highly related concepts.
That function is going to become
what we call a constructor.
It's gonna act as if
it's a constructor for
instances of this
so-called workshop class.
And to add methods into
the definition of our workshop class,
we're going to add them to the prototype
of the workshop constructor, okay?
So prototype means that
it is an object where
any instances are going to be linked to or
to delegate to.
So on line eight,
when I say deepJS equals new workshop,
the new keyword is gonna
invoke that workshop function.
And the object that gets created is going
to be linked to Workshop.prototype.
And since workshop.prototype has
an ask method on it, on line 11,
I can take that deep js instance and
say deep js is not ask.
It is important for
you to see that deep js is the object
does not have an asked method.
But it is instead prototype
linked to workshop.prototype.
And therefore, when we say deepJS.ask,
it's actually going to delegate
one level up the prototype chain from
deepJS up to workshop.prototype.
And when it invokes the ask method,
look at the call site down on line 11.
Look at how that function
is being invoked.
Do you remember just a little while ago
when I was talking about the this keyword?
What I said, when I said there's one
of those rules that at the call site it
determines what a this
keyword should point at.
What do we see on line 11?
We see deepJS.ask.
And deepJS.ask is how
we are invoking the ask
method in this context
of the deepJS object.
Now, when we invoked deepJS,
when we invoked workshop to create deepJS,
that was on line eight.
It ran that function, workshop, and
when it was running the this keyword,
what was the this keyword pointing at?
The object that we would
end up calling deepJS.
And so, you see on line two that
we added a teacher property to it.
That's why on line five,
when we say this.teacher,
we're actually saying deepJS.teacher.
Or then, on line 14,
when we say reactJS.ask, by line five,
we're now saying reactJS.teacher.
It's because we have found a function
through the prototype chain,
invoked it, but it still is determine
what the this keyword is gonna point
at by the call sites on either line 11 or
line 14.
That, in a very, very very brief nutshell,
is prototypal class pattern.
That is how we have a method on one
object that is able to delegate to
another object and
use itself as the this keyword.
That's what happens when deepJS
delegates to the ask method and
invokes it in its own context.
That's why we print out Kyle and then when
on line 14 that's why we print out Suzy.